README.md, before:

## Time-Management-App

Full-stack Next.js(React) 16 application built with Material UI, MikroORM, and MongoDB 3.4 and Playwright(E2E) and Vite. The app implements email/password authentication, short-lived JWT access tokens with refresh rotation, rate limiting, and filterable todo lists backed by React Query.

### Stack

- Next.js 16 (App Router, TypeScript)
- React 19
- Material UI 6 + Joy UI helpers
- @hello-pangea/dnd (Drag and Drop)
- PrimeReact + PrimeIcons (UI components)
- MikroORM + MongoDB (compatible with 3.4+)
- TanStack Query (React Query)
- Axios with automatic access-token refresh
- React Hook Form + Zod validation
- Lucide React (Icons)
- Vitest unit tests 
- Playwright for E2E tests

### Features

- Email/password auth with registration, login, logout, and rotating refresh tokens.
- Role-aware dashboard layouts (admin, inter, main, todo) backed by protected App Router routes and filtered navigation.
- Admin console breadcrumb with PrimeReact icons that jumps between `/admin/1` and `/admin/3/user/2?id=1&name=yar`, showing the active admin/user IDs and query params inside shared layout panels, plus an Inter workspace deep-link at `/admin/inter/3?id=1&name=yar` that opens its own guarded page with the legacy Inter content and surfaces `inter_id`, `id`, and `name` parameters.
- Todo management with filtering, dialog-driven CRUD, and status summaries powered by React Query.
- Track task duration in minutes/hours with support for viewing and editing on both list and board views.
- Agile Scrum board with drag-and-drop support for managing todo statuses (Backlog, Pending, In Progress, Completed).
- Inplace editing for tasks on the Agile board (Title, Description, Due Date, Duration) with delete functionality.
- Quick profile inspector on the Todo page that pings the API and surfaces the current name + role via snackbar.
- Built-in rate limiting, password hashing, and JWT session utilities for secure APIs.
- Responsive Material UI theme with dark/light toggle and reusable layout components.
- End-to-end test coverage via Vitest + Playwright and seeded demo data for local workflows.

### Prerequisites

- Node 20+
- pnpm 9+
- MongoDB 3.4-compatible instance reachable via `DATABASE_URL`

### Environment

Duplicate `.env.development` and `.env.production` as needed. Key variables:

- `DATABASE_URL` – Mongo connection string
- `JWT_ACCESS_SECRET`, `JWT_REFRESH_SECRET` – symmetric secrets
- `JWT_ACCESS_TTL_SECONDS`, `JWT_REFRESH_TTL_SECONDS` – token lifetimes (shared across envs)
- `RATE_LIMIT_WINDOW_MS`, `RATE_LIMIT_MAX_ATTEMPTS` – in-memory limiter controls
- `SEED_DEMO_PASSWORD` / `SEED_ADMIN_PASSWORD`, `SEED_USER_PASSWORD` – seed credentials for admin + member accounts
- `SEED_ADMIN_EMAIL`, `SEED_ADMIN_NAME`, `SEED_USER_EMAIL`, `SEED_USER_NAME` – configure seeded identities

### Scripts

```bash
pnpm install           # install dependencies 
pnpm dev               # run Next.js in development mode
pnpm build             # production build
pnpm start             # serve the production build
pnpm lint              # Next.js lint (ESLint)
pnpm test              # Vitest unit tests
pnpm test:watch        # Vitest in watch mode
pnpm coverage          # Vitest coverage report
pnpm seed:db           # seed demo user/todos via MikroORM
pnpm test:e2e          # Playwright end-to-end tests (runs `playwright test`)
pnpm test:e2e:report   # Playwright end-to-end tests with HTML report (runs `playwright test --reporter=html`)
```

### Docker

You can run the entire stack (App + MongoDB) using Docker Compose:

```bash
pnpm docker-compose:up
```

This will:
1. Start a MongoDB 3.4 container.
2. Build and start the Next.js application in production mode.
3. Expose the app at `http://localhost:3000`.

To stop the containers:
```bash
pnpm docker-compose:down
```

To seed the database inside Docker:
```bash
pnpm docker-compose:seed
```

To build or run the app container individually:
```bash
pnpm docker:build    # Build the 'agile-todo-app' image
pnpm docker:run      # Run the built image (requires external MongoDB)
```

### Seeding

Ensure `DATABASE_URL` and the desired seed credentials are set, then run `pnpm seed:db`. The script wipes users/todos/refresh tokens and repopulates them with:

- `demo@todo.dev` / `SEED_ADMIN_PASSWORD` – admin role with seeded sample todos (including duration)
- `user1@todo.dev` / `SEED_USER_PASSWORD` – standard user without admin privileges

Use the Todo page "Show user info" button to verify which account is active; the snackbar displays the signed-in user's name and role.

### Development Flow

1. Start MongoDB (local service, container, or Atlas cluster).
2. Configure `.env.development`.
3. `pnpm seed` (optional) for demo data.
4. `pnpm dev` to launch the Next.js dev server at `http://localhost:3000`.

### Deployment Notes

- The app expects a MongoDB connection string at runtime; provide it via environment variables.
- JWT secrets must be strong, random strings.
- Rate limiting is in-memory and should be swapped for Redis/Upstash in multi-instance deployments.

### Project Structure

```
. (repo root)
├── playwright.config.ts   # Playwright runner configuration (E2E)
├── eslint.config.mjs      # ESLint config for the project
├── mikro-orm.config.ts    # MikroORM + Mongo config and seeding
├── next.config.ts         # Next.js runtime configuration
├── package.json           # Scripts and dependencies
├── pnpm-lock.yaml         # pnpm lockfile (exact dependency versions)
├── pnpm-workspace.yaml    # pnpm workspace configuration
├── README.md              # Project README (this file)
├── tsconfig.json          # TypeScript compiler options
├── vitest.config.ts       # Vitest test runner configuration
├── public/                # Static assets served by Next.js
├── scripts/               # Seed & maintenance scripts
│   └── seed.ts            # Database seeding script (MikroORM)
├── src/                   # Application source code
│   ├── app/               # App Router routes and pages (layouts, providers)
│   │   ├── layout.tsx     # Root layout component
│   │   ├── page.tsx       # Root page entry
│   │   ├── providers.tsx  # App-level providers (theme, auth)
│   │   └── (dashboard)/   # Dashboard route group
│   ├── components/        # Reusable UI components
│   │   ├── auth/          # Auth-related components (forms, dialogs)
│   │   ├── common/        # Generic shared components
│   │   ├── dashboard/     # Dashboard-specific components
│   │   ├── layout/        # Layout pieces (sidebar, header)
│   │   └── todos/         # Todo list / dialog components
│   ├── hooks/             # Client hooks (useAuth, useTodos, theme)
│   │   ├── useAuth.ts
│   │   ├── useThemeMode.ts
│   │   └── useTodos.ts
│   ├── lib/               # Helpers: API clients, auth, DB, validation
│   │   ├── api/           # HTTP API helpers
│   │   ├── auth/          # JWT, session, password utilities
│   │   ├── db/            # DB client, entities, serializers
│   │   └── http/          # HTTP client + token storage
│   ├── theme/             # Material UI theme tokens and helpers
│   └── types/             # Shared TypeScript types/models
│   ├── api/               # Server-side API routes and utilities (app/api)
│   │   ├── auth/          # Server auth endpoints and helpers
│   │   │   ├── register.ts   # `POST /api/auth/register` - create user, hash password
│   │   │   ├── login.ts      # `POST /api/auth/login` - verify creds, issue access+refresh
│   │   │   ├── refresh.ts    # `POST /api/auth/refresh` - rotate/issue refresh tokens
│   │   │   ├── logout.ts     # `POST /api/auth/logout` - revoke refresh token/session
│   │   │   ├── me.ts         # `GET /api/auth/me` - return current user profile (guarded)
│   │   │   └── schemas.ts    # Zod schemas / request validators for auth endpoints
│   │   ├── todos/         # Server handlers for todo CRUD + filters
│   │   ├── middleware/    # Rate limit, auth guards, helpers
│   │   └── utils/         # Shared server utilities (serializers, validators)
├── docs/                  # Architecture notes and technical overviews
├── e2e/                   # Playwright E2E specs
```

## Testing

The project includes unit tests with Vitest and end-to-end (E2E) tests with Playwright.

### Unit Tests
Run unit tests using:
```bash
pnpm test
```

### End-to-End Tests
E2E tests are configured to run in Chromium. You can run them with or without HTML report generation:

- **Run all tests**: `pnpm test:e2e`
- **Run all tests with report**: `pnpm test:e2e:report`
- **Run in UI mode**: `pnpm exec playwright test --ui`

Reports include test results, screenshots of failures, and traces. The HTML report is useful for CI/CD pipelines and manual review.

## Main Page

<img width="2096" height="1776" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/101f036a-75f9-4030-abbc-d318e95c9f9a" />

## Track Status

<img width="1977" height="1809" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/43427a1d-2d0d-4512-ab3c-91c73c18077b" />

## Agile Task page

<img width="2679" height="1445" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/3db86336-f85e-43f6-ae0a-3d29cdccb42b" />

## Ligth mode

<img width="2096" height="1774" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/382489dd-7a57-4a19-8080-1fafce36ca66" />

## Mobile mode

<img width="1356" height="1785" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/ad03fc9b-02c3-45b5-8140-3ad96c7c98b3" />

Commit message:

Add UI mode option for Playwright end-to-end tests

README.md, after:

## Time-Management-App

Full-stack Next.js(React) 16 application built with Material UI, MikroORM, and MongoDB 3.4 and Playwright(E2E) and Vite. The app implements email/password authentication, short-lived JWT access tokens with refresh rotation, rate limiting, and filterable todo lists backed by React Query.

### Stack

- Next.js 16 (App Router, TypeScript)
- React 19
- Material UI 6 + Joy UI helpers
- @hello-pangea/dnd (Drag and Drop)
- PrimeReact + PrimeIcons (UI components)
- MikroORM + MongoDB (compatible with 3.4+)
- TanStack Query (React Query)
- Axios with automatic access-token refresh
- React Hook Form + Zod validation
- Lucide React (Icons)
- Vitest unit tests 
- Playwright for E2E tests

### Features

- Email/password auth with registration, login, logout, and rotating refresh tokens.
- Role-aware dashboard layouts (admin, inter, main, todo) backed by protected App Router routes and filtered navigation.
- Admin console breadcrumb with PrimeReact icons that jumps between `/admin/1` and `/admin/3/user/2?id=1&name=yar`, showing the active admin/user IDs and query params inside shared layout panels, plus an Inter workspace deep-link at `/admin/inter/3?id=1&name=yar` that opens its own guarded page with the legacy Inter content and surfaces `inter_id`, `id`, and `name` parameters.
- Todo management with filtering, dialog-driven CRUD, and status summaries powered by React Query.
- Track task duration in minutes/hours with support for viewing and editing on both list and board views.
- Agile Scrum board with drag-and-drop support for managing todo statuses (Backlog, Pending, In Progress, Completed).
- Inplace editing for tasks on the Agile board (Title, Description, Due Date, Duration) with delete functionality.
- Quick profile inspector on the Todo page that pings the API and surfaces the current name + role via snackbar.
- Built-in rate limiting, password hashing, and JWT session utilities for secure APIs.
- Responsive Material UI theme with dark/light toggle and reusable layout components.
- End-to-end test coverage via Vitest + Playwright and seeded demo data for local workflows.

### Prerequisites

- Node 20+
- pnpm 9+
- MongoDB 3.4-compatible instance reachable via `DATABASE_URL`

### Environment

Duplicate `.env.development` and `.env.production` as needed. Key variables:

- `DATABASE_URL` – Mongo connection string
- `JWT_ACCESS_SECRET`, `JWT_REFRESH_SECRET` – symmetric secrets
- `JWT_ACCESS_TTL_SECONDS`, `JWT_REFRESH_TTL_SECONDS` – token lifetimes (shared across envs)
- `RATE_LIMIT_WINDOW_MS`, `RATE_LIMIT_MAX_ATTEMPTS` – in-memory limiter controls
- `SEED_DEMO_PASSWORD` / `SEED_ADMIN_PASSWORD`, `SEED_USER_PASSWORD` – seed credentials for admin + member accounts
- `SEED_ADMIN_EMAIL`, `SEED_ADMIN_NAME`, `SEED_USER_EMAIL`, `SEED_USER_NAME` – configure seeded identities

### Scripts

```bash
pnpm install           # install dependencies 
pnpm dev               # run Next.js in development mode
pnpm build             # production build
pnpm start             # serve the production build
pnpm lint              # Next.js lint (ESLint)
pnpm test              # Vitest unit tests
pnpm test:watch        # Vitest in watch mode
pnpm coverage          # Vitest coverage report
pnpm seed:db           # seed demo user/todos via MikroORM
pnpm test:e2e          # Playwright end-to-end tests (runs `playwright test`)
pnpm test:e2e:report   # Playwright end-to-end tests with HTML report (runs `playwright test --reporter=html`)
pnpm test:e2e:ui       # Playwright end-to-end tests in UI mode (runs `playwright test --ui`)
```

### Docker

You can run the entire stack (App + MongoDB) using Docker Compose:

```bash
pnpm docker-compose:up
```

This will:
1. Start a MongoDB 3.4 container.
2. Build and start the Next.js application in production mode.
3. Expose the app at `http://localhost:3000`.

To stop the containers:
```bash
pnpm docker-compose:down
```

To seed the database inside Docker:
```bash
pnpm docker-compose:seed
```

To build or run the app container individually:
```bash
pnpm docker:build    # Build the 'agile-todo-app' image
pnpm docker:run      # Run the built image (requires external MongoDB)
```

### Seeding

Ensure `DATABASE_URL` and the desired seed credentials are set, then run `pnpm seed:db`. The script wipes users/todos/refresh tokens and repopulates them with:

- `demo@todo.dev` / `SEED_ADMIN_PASSWORD` – admin role with seeded sample todos (including duration)
- `user1@todo.dev` / `SEED_USER_PASSWORD` – standard user without admin privileges

Use the Todo page "Show user info" button to verify which account is active; the snackbar displays the signed-in user's name and role.

### Development Flow

1. Start MongoDB (local service, container, or Atlas cluster).
2. Configure `.env.development`.
3. `pnpm seed` (optional) for demo data.
4. `pnpm dev` to launch the Next.js dev server at `http://localhost:3000`.

### Deployment Notes

- The app expects a MongoDB connection string at runtime; provide it via environment variables.
- JWT secrets must be strong, random strings.
- Rate limiting is in-memory and should be swapped for Redis/Upstash in multi-instance deployments.

### Project Structure

```
. (repo root)
├── playwright.config.ts   # Playwright runner configuration (E2E)
├── eslint.config.mjs      # ESLint config for the project
├── mikro-orm.config.ts    # MikroORM + Mongo config and seeding
├── next.config.ts         # Next.js runtime configuration
├── package.json           # Scripts and dependencies
├── pnpm-lock.yaml         # pnpm lockfile (exact dependency versions)
├── pnpm-workspace.yaml    # pnpm workspace configuration
├── README.md              # Project README (this file)
├── tsconfig.json          # TypeScript compiler options
├── vitest.config.ts       # Vitest test runner configuration
├── public/                # Static assets served by Next.js
├── scripts/               # Seed & maintenance scripts
│   └── seed.ts            # Database seeding script (MikroORM)
├── src/                   # Application source code
│   ├── app/               # App Router routes and pages (layouts, providers)
│   │   ├── layout.tsx     # Root layout component
│   │   ├── page.tsx       # Root page entry
│   │   ├── providers.tsx  # App-level providers (theme, auth)
│   │   └── (dashboard)/   # Dashboard route group
│   ├── components/        # Reusable UI components
│   │   ├── auth/          # Auth-related components (forms, dialogs)
│   │   ├── common/        # Generic shared components
│   │   ├── dashboard/     # Dashboard-specific components
│   │   ├── layout/        # Layout pieces (sidebar, header)
│   │   └── todos/         # Todo list / dialog components
│   ├── hooks/             # Client hooks (useAuth, useTodos, theme)
│   │   ├── useAuth.ts
│   │   ├── useThemeMode.ts
│   │   └── useTodos.ts
│   ├── lib/               # Helpers: API clients, auth, DB, validation
│   │   ├── api/           # HTTP API helpers
│   │   ├── auth/          # JWT, session, password utilities
│   │   ├── db/            # DB client, entities, serializers
│   │   └── http/          # HTTP client + token storage
│   ├── theme/             # Material UI theme tokens and helpers
│   └── types/             # Shared TypeScript types/models
│   ├── api/               # Server-side API routes and utilities (app/api)
│   │   ├── auth/          # Server auth endpoints and helpers
│   │   │   ├── register.ts   # `POST /api/auth/register` - create user, hash password
│   │   │   ├── login.ts      # `POST /api/auth/login` - verify creds, issue access+refresh
│   │   │   ├── refresh.ts    # `POST /api/auth/refresh` - rotate/issue refresh tokens
│   │   │   ├── logout.ts     # `POST /api/auth/logout` - revoke refresh token/session
│   │   │   ├── me.ts         # `GET /api/auth/me` - return current user profile (guarded)
│   │   │   └── schemas.ts    # Zod schemas / request validators for auth endpoints
│   │   ├── todos/         # Server handlers for todo CRUD + filters
│   │   ├── middleware/    # Rate limit, auth guards, helpers
│   │   └── utils/         # Shared server utilities (serializers, validators)
├── docs/                  # Architecture notes and technical overviews
├── e2e/                   # Playwright E2E specs
```

## Testing

The project includes unit tests with Vitest and end-to-end (E2E) tests with Playwright.

### Unit Tests
Run unit tests using:
```bash
pnpm test
```

### End-to-End Tests
E2E tests are configured to run in Chromium. You can run them with or without HTML report generation:

- **Run all tests**: `pnpm test:e2e`
- **Run all tests with report**: `pnpm test:e2e:report`
- **Run in UI mode**: `pnpm test:e2e:ui`

Reports include test results, screenshots of failures, and traces. The HTML report is useful for CI/CD pipelines and manual review.

## Main Page

<img width="2096" height="1776" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/101f036a-75f9-4030-abbc-d318e95c9f9a" />

## Track Status

<img width="1977" height="1809" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/43427a1d-2d0d-4512-ab3c-91c73c18077b" />

## Agile Task page

<img width="2679" height="1445" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/3db86336-f85e-43f6-ae0a-3d29cdccb42b" />

## Ligth mode

<img width="2096" height="1774" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/382489dd-7a57-4a19-8080-1fafce36ca66" />

## Mobile mode

<img width="1356" height="1785" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/ad03fc9b-02c3-45b5-8140-3ad96c7c98b3" />
